image,caption
1.jpg,Good for multitasking as well as gaming .
2.jpg,Drawing circuit schematics with electronics design tools like Eagle .
3.jpg,Game designing usign Unity and Unreal .
4.jpg,3D modeling using Autodesk Fusion Blender Daz studio .
5.jpg,Major Artificial Intelligence Frameworks like Tensorflow Pytorch .
6.jpg,Android App development .
7.jpg,Blender animation and digital signal processing .
8.jpg,Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality development with game engine like Unity and Unreal.
9.jpg,Music creation and video editing using Adobe Illustrator .
10.jpg,Cloud Application development usign python and artificial intelligence frameworks .
11.jpg,Run any operating system linux or windows.
12.jpg,High time multitasking browsing gaming watching media together.
13.jpg,Movie making and editing with Adobe and Vegas software .
14.jpg,Computer generated audio and synths for live music creation .
15.jpg,Live gaming and game streaming on major platforms like youtube and twitch .
16.jpg,Building robots applications and connecting many hardware pheripherals .
17.jpg,High graphics .
18.jpg,More ram memory and cores for movie making visual designing .
19.jpg,Tensorflow preinstalled and tested .
20.jpg,Adobe software installed and tested fully .
21.jpg,Taking notes in school or researching papers .
22.jpg,Playing games or watching movies .
23.jpg,Sending and receiving e-mails .
24.jpg,YouTube, , infographics, and other educational tools.
25.jpg,Google Classroom and Wikipedia working well .
26.jpg,Online meeting via Zoom and Google Meet capable .
27.jpg,Microsoft Word to write their assignments .
28.jpg,Microsoft Excel for their mathematical calculation .
29.jpg,Microsoft Powerpoint for presentations .
30.jpg,Share notes and work with groups on projects. .
31.jpg,Use the internet to speak to and communicate with family and friends .
32.jpg,Online libraries and other websites to download whole books online .
33.jpg,Online news sites cover not just a state or country but the whole world .
34.jpg,Learn to type and manage schedules, .
35.jpg,Learn to prepare budget by using online planners .
36.jpg,From pre dated english literature to Hindi or regional plays .
37.jpg,See chemistry experiments being performed and biodiversity flourishing in another part of the world .
38.jpg,Group chats and live video chats .
39.jpg,Research about any article research research about any article .
40.jpg,Research about any informative thing or documentaries and even each and everything in this world .
41.jpg,Handle your drawings design work and digital photographs  .
42.jpg,PowerPoint presentations Excel spreadsheets and high-end database applications .
43.jpg,Adobe photoshop and image editing .
44.jpg,Inkscape image editing and manipulation .
45.jpg,Microsoft office applications like word powerpoint excel .
46.jpg,Java Ecllipse IDE preconfigured .
47.jpg,Python IDLE configured .
48.jpg,Run any programming languages like JavaScript python ruby .
49.jpg,Web development and designing tools .
50.jpg,Net banking and finance management tools .
51.jpg,Smoth internet surfing experience and trusted antivirus  .
52.jpg,Movie watching and educational program streaming .
53.jpg,Graphical tasks like UI UX desinging and workflow .
54.jpg,All programming IDE and compiler support .
55.jpg,All operating system from linux to windows any version can run .
56.jpg,Tiny circuit programming using Java or C languages .
57.jpg,Mobile app development using j2me or java mobile edition .
58.jpg,Office use and home use suited .
59.jpg,Mathematical calculation and the visualization of figures through graphs .
60.jpg,Mathematics related tasks and research .
